For reference to the numerous findings, you can find majority of them within my notes. After exploring the entirety of the Old Bailey site, the entire site is centralized and is absolutely massive with information from explanations of terms, the cases themselves, and finally their arguements as to why the Proceedings are relevant. To even continue to the train of throught that it is absolutely centralized, I used wget as a means to look through the entirety of the site, and see that most of the links, and such all relay back to a different page that the Old Bailey website created. They are truly a remarkable site and have amazing structure as a website. However, given the amount of centralized information and such. They are also other Old Bailey sites that aren't entirely theres, and I am rather curious as to how different they are in comparison to this one. It brings up the questions of people different opinions and ideas, one in which I am curious to figuring out.
Secondly was the use of Voyant Tools. This was rather interesting atleast to me, due to the fact I took the MEMS course as I mentioned before with Marc Saurette. One of the main things we were told to focus upon is the usage of words, and the re-use of words. The word Proceedings was mentioned 91 times, the term court was used roughly around 70 times, as well as record, trial and such. Although, the majority of it was used in a sense of explanation. I believe it was used to continue and put precedent upon the words to continue and sway and inform the reader. However, it brings up questions of roughly their true intentions which they explained in their conclusion. The fact they want to have 'bias' proceedings be considered as a historical source as they are atleast explain the situation and many different accounts. I also found the relations of words used rather interesting in this case, interweaving, court, proceeding and interpret really caught my eye. 
Due to my physical limiations, and perhaps computer limiations. I am still not sure the reason as to why. But many of the certain tools did not work for me such as Topic Modelling which I was truly interested in using in this case, but was unable to. I personally couldn't find a way to use tools such as RStudio or Sublime text, but I am interested to see if there are other methods to use. 

I believe my cycle of exploration is rather different than Michelle Moravec's cycle of exploration due to the lack of quanatative data that I had. As I stated before, perhaps it's just that I just don't understand some of the programs due to the limiations I was set upon, I couldn't find a way to find some quanatative data other than the usage of words through Voyant Tools. However I do believe we are similiar in some manner, as she also looks at the sentance phrasing in a different manner. Though, personally I do believe I am able to create a cycle of exploration from my own exploration. Or atleast, I tried to create one. 
